doc: update changelog for version 5.5.0 with exactly-once (#113)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/sink/cypher.adoc

----

where `$events` is a batch of change events.
====

== Batching of Cypher events

> 
> Starting from version 5.4.2, the Cypher strategy processes messages in batches for better throughput.
> The configured Cypher statement is applied once per message, but the connector executes a whole batch together:
> 
> * When APOC Core is available, batches run via the `apoc.cypher.doIt` procedure.
> * Otherwise, the connector falls back to combining up to `neo4j.max-batched-queries` messages (default `50`) into a single query using subqueries.
> 
> Batch size can be configured using the `neo4j.batch-size` setting, which defaults to `1000`.

Reviewer: I think this is a bit misleading. Cypher strategy was already using a batched approach - it was just not the new one that could also do EoS.

Maybe something  like the following makes it a bit more consistent:

```suggestion
== Batching of Cypher events

The Cypher strategy processes messages in batches for better throughput.

* When APOC Core is available, batches run via the `apoc.cypher.doIt` procedure.
* Otherwise, the connector embeds the provided statement into a subquery and executes the batch with this generated statement.

Batch size can be configured using the `neo4j.batch-size` setting, which defaults to `1000`.
```

== Exactly-once semantics

> Starting from version 5.4.2, the Cypher sink handler can be configured to achieve exactly-once processing guarantees by keeping track of the last successfully processed message offset in the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from version 5.5.0, the Cypher sink handler can be configured to achieve exactly-once processing guarantees by keeping track of the last successfully processed message offset in the database.
```

----

where `$events` is a batch of change events.
====

== Batching of Cypher events

Starting from version 5.4.2, batched sink handlers are available for the Cypher strategy to provide better throughput when processing messages.
These handlers process messages in batches and apply them to the database more efficiently.

There are currently two batching strategies used by the Cypher sink handlers:

. APOC Core strategy: This strategy uses the `apoc.cypher.doIt` procedure to execute batches of the configured Cypher statement, one invocation per message in the batch.
. Native strategy: This strategy generates a single Cypher statement containing multiple subqueries for each message in the batch, and executes it using the standard Cypher execution engine.

> The maximum number of subqueries included in a single batch when using the native strategy can be configured using the `neo4j.max-batched-queries` setting, which defaults to `50`.

Reviewer: Since there is only _one_ cypher statement for `Cypher` strategy, I think we need to simplify this description a bit?
